Fixed contributing notes (#206)
dafny-lang/ide-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

   Your commit message could be `chore: Bump version to A.B.C`
5. Push this branch on the server, have it merged (after necessary approval)
6. Pull the most recent master branch of the extension.
7. Add the tag with the command `git tag vA.B.C` and push it with `git push origin vA.B.C`

> This last step will trigger the Github bot, which will automatically release the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This last step will trigger the workflow, which will automatically release the new version.
```
